we would normally go directly to our
favorite online video website to
experience grid cast TV in action for
the first time but today we'll go
straight to grid network's own demo area
to see how a video site might choose to
integrate and present grid casttv to
their users there are four
high-definition videos available for
play here and alongside each thumbnail
you'll see a watch on TV button if
you're a curious viewer you want to
check it out you just click the button
and the site will ask you to install the
grid cast connector to enable the
experience this point our web browser
will download and install the grid cast
connector in a mostly automated way now
this step only takes a minute only
happens once and when the step is
complete the connector will enable the
computer to stream high-definition video
with no interruptions and relay that
video as it arrives to the big screen in
the living room the Big Buck Bunny
channel that we just requested and a few
other starter channels will be
automatically handed to the connector so
we won't need to learn any new software
either as we wrap up our installation
our new connector will test our
broadband connection and figure out what
it needs to do to ensure the best stream
quality on first play of course a
talented web designer could tweak this
experience a lot but those are the basic
startup steps notice the watch on TV
button now says ready to watch so let's
wander over to our xbox and see what's
new if we click over to our video
library and we take a look we'll see a
new source in there called grid casttv
will select that with a remote and we'll
find a set of starter channel folders
and the grid cast TV demo folder that we
requested inside that we'll have a few
more folders including one called your
selections and there it is Big Buck
Bunny when we pick it and we hit play
our high definition stream begins almost
immediately and the most users
experience will play all evening week
after week month after month without a
single hiccup once again this is not
broadcast TV or a DVD or a local file
it's streaming in real time through a
typical broadband internet connection
is being relayed directly to the set top
game console 40 million game console
owners have everything they need to
start watching TV like this right now I
encourage you to check it out